auth/saml: adds API docs for verbose_logging config (#23370)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/auth/saml.mdx

  protection.
- `default_role` `(string, <optional>)` - The role to use if no role is provided during login.
  If not set, a role is required during login.

> - `verbose_logging` `(bool, false)` - Log additional information during the SAML exchange.
>   The user attributes will be logged when debug-level logging is active. The full SAML response
>   will be logged when trace-level logging is active. **Not recommended** in production since
>   sensitive information may be present in SAML responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `verbose_logging` `(bool, false)` - **Not recommended for production**. Log
  additional, **potentially sensitive** information during the SAML exchange
  according to the current logging level. When `verbose_logging` is `true`,
  debug logs capture user attributes and trace logs capture the full SAML
  response object.
```

Style correction: write in active voice,

Author: Thank you!
